docs: add sql builtin func map_to_redis_hset_args (#2514)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/data-integration/rule-sql-builtin-functions.md

mget(['a', 'b'], mput(['a', 'b'], 2, json_decode('{"c": 1}'))) = 2
```

> ### map_to_redis_hset_args(Map) -> list (since 5.7.1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### map_to_redis_hset_args(Map) -> list (since v5.7.1)
```

> This function transforms a map into a list of field names and values, formatted for use with the Redis `HSET` (or `HMSET`) command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function transforms a map into a list of field names and values, used for formatting the Redis `HSET` (or `HMSET`) command.
```
